it's game time shiznit
you're going in and i'm keeping watch he
saw the cash cut the tent
break a window second floor bedroom
wooden dresser bottom drawer
anyone see us no we're good who are you
headed in you
hey run get back here
hello hello i'm stuck down here i cannot
get out by myself that man is someone
else's problem no we can't just leave
him there
oh you stole 12 600 bucks but you want
to get busted
you boys are quiet today not getting
along
my brother doesn't trust you he thinks
that you're going to get us in trouble
you seem like a good kid
you don't have to do everything your
brother says
i got a way for us to communicate with
each other when i'm not here
over over you're out of that hole
weren't you visiting that man
i'll kill you too right down that hole
we're running out of time you can't
leave him to die matt
desperate men do desperate things god
damn it shut up
you're a monster don't please
he'll thank me when it's done
hello
[Applause]
things have changed he's not the boss
anymore
you're the man now
[Music]
don't tell the soul what you saw here
today
[Music]
what did you do that for that's uh
that's the easy fix i got i have a
screwdriver in the car i thought about
doing stand-up comedy you tell jokes
it's pretty scary to come up here i have
a friend who's been wanting to try to
stand up but he's a little chicken
[Music]
dave is our best friend good day i'm so
scared right now
most of the time i felt like they were
married and i was just a bystander
hey buddy it's matt wanted to see how
you were doing hi brilliant hi farface
mom hi girls hi froot loop hey
how you feeling tired thanks for being
here i won't miss it
can we talk for a minute matt it's going
to get very hard you're going to see
things from nicole
never seen before you don't need to do
this alone i can come and help you get
to the other side of this i'd love to
have you
how long did you kill me up there i'm
hoping just a couple weeks just want to
make sure matt gets back on his feet
i usually make breakfast and dinner
maybe you can take some of that weight
off
speaking of us hoping you'd call me
grandma dane sure molly
excuse me sure i'll call you grandma
dang thank you
i want to make a list i'd like to write
letters to the girls
for certain milestones in their lives i
want to have blue hair
molly will you tell me when it's
happening it's not happening her entire
life she's wanted to be the grand
marshal of mardi gras
and i want to sing on stage with katy
perry
it all seems pretty doable does it
you've been gone for three months now i
thought that you were gonna be gone for
a couple weeks
what changed i got here and i saw that
one person can't do this job
i'm still a valid person
i don't think you're this upset because
i'm late what's happening to mom i think
you're mad because mom is sick
why are you so hard on your dad
mother you've broken my body i saw you
smile
[Music]
people don't look at me when they talk
to me anymore you're the most beautiful
woman i've ever seen
you always
you know you don't have to stick around
nicole is my best friend too i'm happy
to be here
[Music]
there were two warriors i'd
kill for a spicy tuna roll right about
now get yourself a little something the
brothers
grew apart and a new age began
in the middle age dad is uncle ted
coming for christmas this year
sweetie sometimes you just grow apart
diamond's all in my ring player go watch
gold chain player
walk in the building i own it i miss you
so much
that's my girl you can't solve
everything with money but you can't him
you haven't changed at all you're still
a big baby suck it ted you
suck get that passing out of my face
excuse me
i hate to interrupt i mean it's a
riveting conversation but why don't you
suck it
she can talk a lot
i'm in the family business and now you
work for me
boomers
baby corp developed a new formula that
can turn a grown-up back into a baby for
48 hours
you want me to be a baby again
yep there's the awkward stage ew
baby corp will offer a full memory wipe
following this experience
so what's the crisis an evil genius is
teaching kids
to be very bad bad babies welcome to the
baby
revolution we're gonna need a disguise
to go undercover
what have you done to me oh really going
sailing
oh no
thanks for always having my back you're
my brother we always stick together
because that's what families do
need to hurry before the formula wears
off
what the aren't you a cutie in that
little karate outfit
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
i'm sure this isn't something money
can't solve
what the fudge
uh
[Music]
listen son those nightmares you're
having ain't going away
you need to do something about it i
don't know if it's the right
time for me to leave you got to trust me
here morocco is
beautiful in morocco we have found
something incredible and we have been
granted access to excavate
[Music]
we have to be careful we are very close
to the border
[Music]
what is going on doc move please don't
shoot please
has been abducted she's in knowledge
area
they were taken to be beheaded the
gentleman that we are dealing with is
crazy
i need to get into algeria you're out of
your mind
we can't have them involved in this this
one's off the books
we should discuss our approach our
approach
keep your eyes open your mind's sharp
bring our cat home
where are you i'm captain brad paxton
kate is my wife
hi this married
house baby done oh my god
i'm gonna win all the games
[Music]
when are you two having kids
you wish you were pregnant no
congratulations tapeworm can cause false
positive pregnancy tests it's not a
tapeworm
it's a baby
oh my god let's make a list of the
wildest things we need to do before the
baby comes
i can't let you climb i can do anything
pregnant
would you join me for the craziest night
of your life hey tim how are you
you've got mental zoe one of us has to
get ready
aren't you a bit tired of just being so
responsible
are you just here by yourself no she's
making me here
where were you we're supposed to be
living our dreams together
you can't keep acting like nothing's
changed are you pregnant
you're supposed to love me no matter
what yeah well you're making it
impossible
um do you want to just take a moment and
come back later just one more
[Music]
is that good that was not good
she's not feeling the right feelings no
she's not a regular pregnant
woman you're a baby having a baby
it's like you're obsessed with dad well
when the leaves start falling off that
tree
we're gonna have a baby
i just really want my old life back i'm
really scared
you're gonna be such a good mom
[Music]
congratulations thank you
do you want me to call someone i think
you've got to be me
and i need you to remind me
sorry he cries when i cry don't look at
me
oh my god
i have to ask you something i'm not sure
how
scary yeah
[Music]
so how long would you say you've been
experiencing symptoms
like a month i can remember some things
but
other things are just gone like uh
details i can't do details
they call it nia neuroinflammatory
affliction
and it can affect anyone like the man
picked up by a fishing bow
it turned out he was another fisherman
couldn't remember how to steer his belt
so he decided to swim home
and then a pilot forgot how to fly
listen carefully
if you are experiencing nia symptoms i
need you
over here the government have the true
cure
they've been keeping nia on the street
there's no one to be going crazy
this is not a proven cure we urge
everyone to remain
calm
so the treatment is it like a pill or
we'll be doing an oral cranial puncture
sorry what the brain is separated
into four major lobes think of it as
clearing a clogged pathway
who am i how old am i
what's my favorite color
you're my wife emma vida ryerson
williams
for 28 your favorite color is
yellow oh tremor me in me
i remember a water park what time of
year was it
summer no
winter we just bought a fish
when he first started to lose his memory
jude kept it a secret
just like everyone did batman all these
little pieces
i find myself wondering how to build a
future if you keep having to rebuild the
past
[Music]
they say you can't forget feelings and i
still believe that
what is it it's a fish yeah i caught it
with you
why do you tattoo fresh you yeah
are you
[Music]
they okay are you made of women the
smartphone will always get up and said
two floor one time together together as
well
darling you stop in the closet where the
trees the girls can use the
uranium spirit the girl
[Music]
hi viewers i'm moses tao and you can
call me mushanti tarzan
i'm an artist not what you expect
i'm a singer i'm a michigan and
i am from papua new guinea beautiful
island
above australia
we have to make it clear to all the
viewers that this is not
easy not easy to live in our beautiful
country of papua new guinea especially
transgenders torture physical violence
many were vegeta how many died notice
they were married
yeah yeah and quietly
[Applause]
we are the heroes yes we are fighting
for our rights in this country
there is no other that can bring people
together then ladies and gentlemen
the bible says love joy hope and peace
the biggest is
love you got to love the way you love me
i want you to love the rest of my
transgender community
that's all that's the only thing that i
want here we go
do you love me
hi my name is elaine hi my name is
elaine
hi my name is elaine is our
name
[Music]
the village is like being on vacation
every day
the disney world for retirees
it is like going off to college
you come here to live you don't come
here at 2 pass away
there is no place like this this
is nirvana
i'm just saying for me it hasn't been
the fantasy land that i thought it would
be first you know for reasons that are
some are true to my own self you know
oh my god
[Music]
i think that when you live in the
villages you're acting the part
surely everybody's life is not perfect
now that we're in the villages reggie's
sense of reality
has become even more out there
i came down here to meet a nice-looking
lady with some money
that i'd be not embarrassed to be seen
on the street with you need a handyman
don't you
i don't care
who am i you got the answer no i don't
they're in you
who am i somebody found me out
i got in trouble with the law last night
you're charged with possession of
cocaine
who am i you make me sick
i think i lose no matter what you do
if you want to avoid trouble don't come
here
there has to be more than just surviving
[Music]
it's a new awakening
this is the last of all i'm about ready
to call it quits
we have too much fun down here you know
[Music]
you